I'm a sergeant and I want to know how to deal with my men in a way without
punishment,
but still make them better for next time.
Okay,
here's something for you.
Punishment is actually the last straw in how you deal with people that you're in
charge of.
In fact,
I will tell you this,
if I ever had to punish someone when I had to administer punishment on my
troops,
I always felt that I had somewhere I had,
I done something wrong,
right?
Like even if a guy got in trouble out in town,
got drunk,
got in a fight,
did something stupid,
I would still look at that and think to myself,
how could I have allowed this guy to not realize what a disaster it is,
how much trouble he's going to get in,
what kind of international incident he's going to cause,
how that's going to hurt us in the team strategically.
All of those things.
How did I let that happen?
So doling out punishment is not optimal.
I mean you've,
you've pretty much,
you've pretty much made a mistake if you have to punish people because if you're
doing,
if you're being a good leader,
people are doing what you want them to do.
There's no reason for punishment.
So that's what you should not be looking to punish.
And just like I just said,
you should be looking to build relationships.
You should be looking to show people a better way of doing things,
a way that's more smooth and more efficient.
It doesn't disrupt what the team efforts are.
You got to explain to people why they're doing what they're doing.
This is all stuff,
right?
This is why.
Explain why things are done a certain way.
Explain how it impacts the team.
Explain how it impacts them.
That's also important.
Um,
you got to have people rehearse in and retrain.
Cause now,
now I'm talking about how do you get people to do the right thing,
right?
Without punishing them.
So we're trying to avoid punishment.
How do we avoid punishment by training?
How do we avoid punishment by people understanding what they're doing,
why they're doing what they're doing?
How do we avoid punishment by setting goals that make sense,
that are small enough for them to get to.
Okay.
And then have fun with the goals and get in the game yourself and show them that
you're not perfect
and that is what you need to do.
You need to make every effort to make people understand why they're doing what
they're doing,
how they fit into the big picture.
And when they figure all that stuff out and they're on board,
you shouldn't have to punish people.
You shouldn't have to punish people.
So I know it's,
yeah,
that's what it is.
If you're a sergeant and you want to deal with your minimum away without
punishment,
well think of what the mistakes you're making when you're,
when you're,
when you're fire team or your,
your,
your platoon does something wrong.
Why did they make that mistake that they make the mistake?
Because they wanted to know they made it because you were a bad leader at that
point in time.
You what could you do better?
Hey guys,
where,
what didn't you understand?
Oh,
you guys messed up this training operation.
I'm going to restrict your weekend duty.
I'm going to restrict you to weekend duty.
Meaning you can't go out in town.
What good did I just do?
Right?
Are they going to try harder now,
right?
Yeah,
but if you say,
hey listen guys,
we did a bad job.
I know I must've made a mistake in trying to
explain this information to you all because we didn't do what we were supposed
to do.
Let's look.
Let's dissect this thing.
As a matter of fact,
let's spend Friday night dissecting this thing.
I'm buying pizza and we'll sit around the the a sand table and we'll figure out
what,
what we did wrong.
That's not punishment.
That has the opposite effect of punishment that has,
hey,
I'm bringing everyone in cause I want to win.
I want us all the wind.
So that's what you gotta do.
Don't.
Punishment should be punishment.
Should be,
I mean,
do you have to punish people sometime?
Yes.
Yes you do.
When they're blatantly out align,
when they do something that's blatantly wrong,
yeah,
you got to drop the hammer on them.
You've got to set the example sometimes,
hey,
you're not gonna get away with us.
Sometimes that happened in the dreams.
You know,
somebody who would do something stupid and the command would just drop the
hammer and everyone goes,
man,
that guy got a DUI and they s you know,
docked him,
dig,
busted him in rank and they pulled him out of his platoon and they're sending
him to a,
to a fleet,
bill it for two years.
Like,
oh my God,
that might make someone think right.
You know,
maybe I won't step behind the wheel.
So sometimes you do have to punish her if people do something stupid,
especially after they've been warned a couple of times.
But I always look,
if I have to deliver punishment onto my team,
I made a mistake somewhere and I'm like,
it don't they say that like reward and encouragement.
It's like way more powerful than punish.
Definitely wouldn't have powerful way more powerful for sure.
I almost never punished people.
Yeah,
but the reason is why did I punish people?
Because people were doing,
weren't doing stupid things.
They were doing what they were supposed to be doing.
They were doing.
Yeah.
I mean,
I probably,
I don't even know if I,
I think I had like a one or two captain's mass where I had to bring somebody in
and drop the hammer on them and it's good.
They did dumb stuff.
It's like,
Eh,
you know what?
You can't do that.
I didn't think of it.
I'm sorry,
but you can't do that
discussions.
Yeah.